docs: mention pre-commit hook when reconfiguring via PR (#15639)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/getting-started/installing-onboarding.md

1. Validate your config by running `renovate-config-validator`
1. If the improved config passes the validation, merge the branch into your mainline branch

> You can configure a [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com) hook to validate your configuration automatically. Please see [github.com/renovatebot/pre-commit-hooks](https://github.com/renovatebot/pre-commit-hooks) for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure a [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com) hook to validate your configuration automatically.
Please check out the [`renovatebot/pre-commit-hooks` repository ](https://github.com/renovatebot/pre-commit-hooks) for more information.
```

How about something like this?
